You are all dignitaries
busy schedule
Take the time to attend the birthday party of little daughter Luoxuemei
I'm grateful to be home
What is Mrs. Luo talking about?
The Luo family is the first family of Shendu
Second Miss is the most beautiful woman in God's City
We can come to his birthday party
It's our pleasure.
Hey, Mr. Chen's words are bad
It is said that Xunmei is the second lady of the Luo family
Then may I ask where the eldest lady is reading?
Yes, yes, it's Chen's fault.
Now.
Miss Xunmei is the real Miss Luo
First Heir
Hahaha, that's right, right?
Liang wishes Miss Xunmei a happy birthday
Thank you for your love, uncles and uncles
Xunmei is just a adopted daughter
How can you handle this?
The position of first heir?
So many years
My only wish
That is, hurry up and get my sister back
Let him take control of my family
Jingmei, I know your heart
But your sister killed someone with a car 5 years ago.
hit and run
Betrayal
In the prison of Sauron
I'm afraid it's hard to come out in this life
Mom Xuemei, I know you like it
Although you are not the true blood of the coward family
But over the years
I have long regarded you as my own daughter
I declare as the grandmother of the Luo family
From now on, Luo Xuemei will take over the position of the Luo family
Congratulations to Miss Luo
After Master Luo became seriously ill and became a vegetable
Miss Luo holds up the entire Luo family as a woman
Family position
Well deserved
But Xuemei
Just accept it
Don't worry, our family will
I will do my best to help our Nuo family
Do you hear me?
Xuemei
Liang Kun is the fourth son of the city lord
You should be relieved when Utah speaks
I agree to be the head of the Luo family
I, Lu Junmei, hereby promise
After I came to power
I will do my best to treat my father
If one day my sister comes back from prison
I will definitely return the position to him as soon as possible
Xu Mei, you are really affectionate and righteous
I, Liang Kun, really did not see the wrong person.
Yes, Miss Xu Mei was careless, I admire Chen
Is that right? I'm Luo Yingxue back.
Then please ask my sister to return the position of head of the family to me